# Chrome Profiler Service

This service can use Chrome performance logs to calculate frontend performance metrics.

Note that it only makes sense to use `chrome-profiler` service in parallel with Chrome-based
Selenium tests. Your test script also has to write Chrome performance logs to the specific files.
Profiler service will then use these files to extract and calculate performance metrics from them.

Calculated metrics will be automatically attached to BlazeMeter reports and plotted in a timeline
report. There also exists a reporter (named `chrome-metric-reporter`) that will print all
calculated metrics to the terminal at the end of the test.

Here's an example of Taurus configuration that uses profiler service:
```yaml
execution:
- executor: selenium
  scenario: simple

scenarios:
  simple:
    script: test_frontend.py  # test script has to satisfy specific criteria, read more below

services:
- module: chrome-profiler

reporting:
- module: chrome-metric-reporter

modules:
  chrome-profiler:
    processors:
      trace:
        file: trace.json  # name of trace file generated by Chrome
```

Note that having multiple `iterations` for your tests is fine, Taurus will pick up updated performance
log files after each iteration and will recalculate metrics on the fly.


## Test Script Requirements

Your Selenium test script (be it Java or Python) has to satisfy the following criteria:
- It has to use Chrome and chromedriver (obviously)
- It should set up Chrome to log tracing data
- It should write Chrome trace data to a file in current directory (filename is specified with the `file` option of trace processor)

You can find an example of Python-based Selenium script in the [examples/selenium/chrome-performance](https://github.com/Blazemeter/taurus/tree/master/examples/selenium/chrome-performance)
directory of Taurus Github repo.
