# Documentation Restructuring

The main idea is to split current documentation into two major sections: 'Module Reference', which will fully describe all modules and their options, and 'Learning Taurus' section, which will contain a bunch of articles describing one Taurus feature at a time. Additionally, it makes sense to have two additional sections, 'Introduction' and 'Developer Docs'.

Approximate documentation outline is presented below.

## 1. Introduction

Introductory middle-sized articles with a lot of prose and screenshots and little-to-no code samples.

- Taurus Overview
   - What’s it for?
   - What it’s good at?
- Getting Started
   - Installation instructions
   - Running your first load test
   - What to do next?

## 2. Learning Taurus

Medium-sized articles. Each article (except for a few introductory ones) covers one topic (topic may be “executing tests in cloud” or “integrating Taurus with Jenkins”). Every code sample should be copy-pastable. The intent is not to cover all features and configuration flags here, but to cover most the important ones.

- Taurus Workflow
   - CLI
   - Taurus Scripts
   - Console Interface
- Taurus Language
   - Introduction to YAML
   - Introduction to Taurus Language
   - YAML/JSON isomorphism
   - Config sections
      - Module architecture
      - Execution
      - Scenarios
      - Reporting
      - Services
      - Settings
- Taurus Architecture
   - Module System
   - Engine
   - Module types
   - Executors
   - Services
   - Reporters
   - Other modules
- Picking the right load-testing tool (?)
   - List of supported tools
   - Comparison of all supported tools
- Running JMeter with Taurus
   - Auto-installation
   - Scenario.requests
      - Requests
      - Logic blocks
      - Assertions
   - User-supplied JMX
- Running Selenium with Taurus
   - Auto-installation
   - Running Java tests
   - Running Python tests
- Controlling test results
   - Assertions
   - Pass\fail
- Saving Test Reports to BlazeMeter
- Executing Tests in the Cloud
- Integrating Taurus with Jenkins
   - Example of setting a Jenkins job to run Taurus
   - Jenkins reporting
   - CLI overrides to pass Jenkins build number
   - Shutting down Taurus with SIGINT
- Using Monitoring Data in Test Reports
- Using jmx2yaml to convert JMeter test plans to Taurus scripts

## 3. Module Reference

Set of articles describing each module behaviour and configuration options. For each option module supports, there’s a comment describing this option and a default value. Non copy-pastable code blocks are fine.
- CLI
   - Options
   - Overrides
- Executors
   - jmeter
   - selenium
   - gatling
   - locust
   - tsung
   - grinder
   - ab
   - siege
   - pbench
- Services
   - Pass-fail
   - Shellexec
   - Monitoring
- Reporters
   - final_stats
   - console

## 4. Developer docs

- ChangeLog
- Master branch snapshots
- Architecture breakdown: engine, modules, phases
- Docs autogenerated from sources?


## More ideas
- Local documentation search (embed google search?)
- Accept notes/comments on each page/article to gather feedback from users/readers (disqus?)
- Make every complete config sample runnable in a cloud by a button click (?)
